Update 02-listing-records.md (#5751)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/admin/docs/02-resources/02-listing-records.md

}
```

> You will also need to add the `sort` property to the `$fillable` array on your `Model`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using mass assignment protection on your model, you will also need to add the `sort` attribute to the `$fillable` array there.
```
